welcome to the man of recaps this is
Jessica Jones season 2 Jessica Jones is
back the hard drinking super-strong
private investigator her neighbor
Malcolm's her assistant now he wants to
be a pi2 but first there's a bi turf war
with price Chang he's kind of a huge
tool so Jessica finds the missing dog
for one of his star clients and yoinks
him he doesn't like that calls her some
mean things but Jessica's in no mood now
Jessica's got this real nerdy client who
calls himself the wizard because
allegedly he's got SuperSpeed if he
thinks there's someone trying to kill
him because of his superpowers but turns
out he really is fast and one day the
scaffolding falls on him what maybe
there is someone trying to kill him
Jessica's best friend an adopted sister
Trish Walker she's using her powers as
being a child star it's Patsy to
research how Jessica got her powers back
in the car accident that killed her
family turns out Jessica and Whizzer
both had their medical bills paid by IgH
Jessica tracks them down but it's been
long abandoned this is definitely where
they're doing illegal experiments to
give people powers though and now that
she's here jessica has a memory of a
meatball face monster Oh Trish runs into
a monster from her past her ex-cop
ex-boyfriend will Simpson last season he
was popping the super pills that paid
him all voided out-crazy turned him into
a villain now he's upgraded to a super
inhaler but he's like look I'm not a bad
guy anymore I'm here to protect you
cuz there's someone going after you for
researching IgH sure enough the lights
go dark and oh there's a super jumper in
the room and it kills Simpson No so
Jessica does some more drinking and some
more investigating tracks down a nurse
that used to work at IgH but she's not
the nurse she is the super-powered
enforcer uh-oh beats up Jessica and gets
out of there long story short the girls
pull some more medical records and think
they found this woman's identity she's
homeless living in a warehouse
Trish feels pretty vulnerable with no
powers so she decides to try Simpson
super inhaler and woohoo baby that's
some good stuff they run up in taser but
it's not the right woman it's a much
younger girl she actually used to be a
nurse at IgH and she was attacked by
that woman then that's why she's hiding
out homeless meanwhile price Chang
continues the pif war he sends a friend
to steal a bunch of Jessica's documents
not knowing there's a super-powered
enforcer out there trying to shut down
all the info on RGH Oh was she killed
this guy it kind of looks like Jessica
did it but she cooperates with the cops
fully and that evidence comes in she's
free to go now high-powered attorney
Jerry Hogarth is not doing so well she
went to her doctor and
she got that bad disease her partners
try to push her out of the firm but
Jerry's not going down without a fight
so she wants just gotta find some dirt
on them Trish isn't doing so hot either
that inhaler packs a pretty powerful
hangover her mom's there to get her
cleaned up though because the network
news execs want to meet with her today
that's Trish's dream to be a real
reporter but when she gets there it's
just her hot boyfriend yeah she's been
dating this guy who is a real reporter
he's been sneaking around we thought
maybe he was a villain but no he was
just planning a secret engagement party
also sweet unfortunately Trish just
isn't feeling it she wants to make her
own career not just be his wife so she
turned him down so sad Malcolm is trying
to get information out of this nurse
Ynez at first she just steals the TV but
then she tells him about the janitor
who's in jail for murdering the other
nurse he's in a psych ward where only
doctors are allowed in luckily Jessica
just met someone who makes great fake
IDs it's the hot new building
superintendent Oscar there was a whole
thing where he was gonna evict her but
then she found out he's on parole making
fake IDs and then his son almost fell
out the window and Jessica saved him so
then they became best friends and
started doing it in any case dr. Jones
is in the house she visits the janitor
who is developmentally challenged he
clearly didn't kill the nurse but is
covering for someone
turns out he likes octopuses used to go
watch them at the aquarium with a doctor
from IgH Jessica stakes out the aquarium
and one day boom dr. Karl shows up and
he's with the killer and he's with with
the killer they're making out okay they
spot Jessica though so she breaks the
glass and floods the whole aquarium they
managed to get away
luckily Malcolm recognizes his class
ring from the college she used to go to
but dropped out of they pull an old
yearbook find his full name and Jessica
goes to his house which is a normal
house except for a picture of Jessica
and her brother on a family trip that's
right the super-powered killer is
Jessica's mom turns out she survived the
car accident where Jessica's family died
but she was totally burned and when she
woke up went on a super-powered rampage
eventually they reconstructed a face
from scratch that's why Jessica didn't
recognize her and dr. Karl is a cool
hippie dr. he really is just trying to
cure people the superpowers were a
side-effect so they spent years together
continuing to heal her and it was mostly
pleasant but she's prone to
uncontrollable fits of rage including
the time she attacked
and broke out to go visit Jessica now at
this time Trish was having a career
resurgence as an adult pop star this was
also when she got into heart drugs and
she and Jessica had a huge falling-out
but Jessica met a hot bartender and they
fell madly in love this is when she
found her trademark leather jacket she
always wears and also the name of her PI
firm alias that was the club he wanted
to start one of his thuggish investors
wants his money back now so jessica has
to step in and beat him up
then they come to see him like hey man
you got a super girlfriend I like
convince her to work for us and he's
like yeah I can do it unfortunately
Jessica's mom was there to hear this and
he tries to explain he was just saying
that to get them off her backs but she
doesn't believe him long story short
kills him and Jessica was absolutely
heartbroken and we honestly don't know
if he was lying or telling the truth so
Jessica's mom goes back to the lab like
sorry I killed those nurses obviously
everyone runs away except dr. Karl and
they've been living in this house
together continuing to work on stuff and
somewhere along the line they fell in
love and got married they have kind of a
normal life except for the fits of
uncontrollable Hulk rage and all the
murders to cover up IgH are just her mom
going out to protect them it's no big
conspiracy
Jessica manages to call the cops but her
mom holds her down and it's like dr.
Karl get out of here save yourself so
mom and daughter are waiting for the
cops but once they get to reminiscing
jessica has second thoughts she takes
her mom back to her apartment she's like
look I don't know stay here for now but
before they can make a plan oh they're
shot at by price Jiang he was scoping
out Jessica because he assumed she was
working with the killer and boom there
she is in her apartment he decides to
take her out himself but who he misses
so super mom's gonna kill him but
Jessica gets there first to knock him
out they leave him tied up in the
bathtub for a while while they go on
side adventures because Oscars crazy
ex-wife has kidnapped his son so mom and
daughter gotta go stop the bus and get
him back but eventually Jessica realizes
her mom's too dangerous she has to turn
her in to the cops
she finally fills in her friends Malcom
and Trish now what have they been up to
Malcolm's been working Jeri Hogarth's
case finding turn on her partners turns
out the one guy has been spending a lot
of money on chocolate bars Malcolm
doesn't out him though instead he lies
and says he was hired by the other
partner so he dishes out some dirt on
her they brought Ynez to stay with Jeri
for protection but she's like hey you
worked for a company that did
experimental procedures that heal people
tell me about it she does
wanna help she just wants to steal all
the jewelry in bail but when she sees
that Gerry's dying she feels bad and
it's like hey I don't know about IgH but
one of the patients that got superpowers
got healing powers he's in jail right
now but that's no problem for master
attorney Jerry Hogarth she gets him to
do the healing hands massage and oh my
god it feels like it worked
unfortunately it was all a total lie
they'd cleared out her apartment and
conned her big-time so she tracks Ynez
down but it's like hey I forgive you
actually I feel sorry for you your
boyfriend's conning you too I've got the
evidence that he's working all sorts of
girlfriends he gives her a gun just for
protection and he goes up there they
have a huge fight and boom yeah she
shoots him turns out though it was a
total lie she conned them as kool Jerry
that's cold now Trish is not doing very
well remember she used to be a drug
addict and no matter what she tells
herself this inhaler is addictive she
likes running around town pretending
she's a superhero when really she's just
a drugged-out weirdo and not only does
it make her real strong it makes her
real Hardy she grabs Malcolm one night
and he's like whoa what but she's ready
to go so he's like let's roll with it
he inhaler affects her career though
she's so bored at Trish Hawk she has a
network moment I'm mad as hell and I
quit on air just like in network which
is a fantastic older movie by the way
the TV stations want her to come on and
do a mad show for them so she's like
thanks inhaler you made all my dreams
come true but unfortunately it runs out
should have seen that coming so when she
goes for her TV audition she's all
hungover and scattered and totally blows
it back to the main plot Jessica's mom
is in jail and they're gonna send her to
Supermax unless she gives up dr. Karl
but she's in love with him so she
refuses jessica has a plan though she'll
secretly go to dr. Karl first and get
him out of the country that way your mom
can give him up and he can still be free
but meanwhile this prison guard is a
huge dick trying to make her eat meat
when she's a vegetarian
eventually he gets the shock bracelet
starts torturing her when Jessica finds
out she goes to his house to snoop
around and turns out there's been a lot
of prisoner suicides that it seems like
he caused
unfortunately he shows up and Mase's her
and starts beating her so she defends
herself and oh god I hit him too hard
he's definitely dead Jessica reacts
quickly he makes it look like a suicide
confession but now Jessica feels like a
killer and everything turns purple
yeah that's kill graves
or what's up kilgrave's back at least as
a hallucination in her mind and he
spends the episode badgering with her
and you know being her inner demon but
anyway turns out dr. Karl has
disappeared see Trish and Malcolm
realized what Jesco was up to and
decided the right thing to do was to
bring dr. Karl to jail but when they get
there Trish knocks out Malcolm stuffs
him in the trunk she pseudo kidnaps dr.
Karl and it's like hey I want you to
give me superpowers Jessica needs to
track them down so she pulls up
Malcolm's dating app she calls a bunch
of his matches like hey how far away
does it say he is right now and manages
to find him that way that's pretty funny
Malcolm manages to get himself out of
the trunk but Trish has gone off the
deep end she is a junkie desperately in
need of a fix right now jessica gets
there just in time to do a superhero car
stop and jump but she totally whiffs it
and that's why she's not on the Avengers
so they get back to the lab but dr.
Karl's procedure is not fda-approved it
starts going horribly wrong so jessica
has to bust in and put a stop to it
dr. Karl starts to feel bad realizing
his life's work has caused more harm
than good
so he's gonna take himself out and boom
blows himself up along with the whole
Lab so Trish is probably gonna be okay
but jessica's pissed at Malcolm for
going behind her back and they are fully
done now no longer friends over in
prison Jessica's mom sees the news that
her lover is dead so she busts out in a
whole greige and blames Trish goes to
the hospital gonna kill her but just
commands just to talk her down at the
last second just then the cops bust in
so her mom just grabs one and bails out
the window we uses her to break her fall
oh she's a cop killer now Jessica finds
her mom again and is maybe gonna kill
her but she can't do it so improvised
mom knocks her out kidnaps her daughter
she's got a dream that they can run away
together and live mother-daughter in
peace but they come across a huge
accident and her mom uses her super
strength to save this family this
reminds Jessica of how she thought she
lost her whole family in the crash and
it makes her realize she loves her mom
she won't lose her again so she's gonna
help her mom flee the country but this
would make her an accomplice and she'd
be a fugitive for life too her mom
doesn't want that for her daughter so
they make a detour to Playland and ride
the old ferris wheel one last time
before they have the cops come take her
in and just as they're having a real
tender moment boom oh she sniped what
and the shooter is Trish Wow Trish
pulled through okay and the cops came do
you know where jessica would go and she
didn't tell them anything but she
figured it out so
now Jessica is pissed it's like look
Jess I had to do it she had to be put
down and you didn't have the balls
Jessica's real mad but she lets her run
for now and when the cops come they find
her with her mom's body assume she did
it so she's off the hook but jessica is
traumatized
life goes on though and eventually
things are back to pretty much normal
except jessica is done with Trish for
good killing your mom is hard to get
over
Trish meanwhile finds herself with some
really impressive reflexes maybe she did
get some powers after all Malcolm's
ready for a change no no not the hair
the beautiful hair actually though guy
looks good in a suit he goes to see
hogarth turns out he got real good dirt
on her partners so she blackmails them
for a huge severance and though she's
still dying she's starting her own firm
Jessica's pretty lonely without her best
friends around but she's got her new
friends downstairs and she has a nice
family dinner with Oscar and her son and
that's how Jessica Jones season 2 comes
to an end
[Music]